skip show when denominator is one (#45396)
JuliaLang/julia: NEWS.md

------------------------

* `startswith` now supports seekable `IO` streams ([#43055])

> * printing integral `Rational`s will try to avoid printing denominators ([#45396])

Reviewer: This feels a bit vague verging on misleading. My understanding is that it will skip printing a denominator of 1 in a typed IO context.

Author: Would
```suggestion
* printing integral `Rational`s will skip the denominator in `Rational`-typed IO context (e.g. in `Arrays`) ([#45396])
```
be better?

Reviewer 2: Yes!
